*: add specific Helm version (#1820)
pingcap/docs: dev/how-to/get-started/deploy-tidb-from-docker-compose.md

1. Install Helm.

>     [Helm](https://helm.sh) can be used as a template rendering engine. Currently we only support Helm version >= 2.9.0 and < 3.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [Helm](https://helm.sh) can be used as a template rendering engine. Make sure your Helm version >= 2.9.0 and < 3.0.0. To use Helm, you only need to download its binary file:
```

>     To use Helm, you only need to download its binary file:

Reviewer 2: This sentence repeats with the previous one.
